When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
It would be quite necessary when collaborating with other people.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
Because pulling automatically the changes from the remote repository might
negatively affect the work being done locally.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use
one instead of another?
Branches can be created on a single repository. Clones of a repository can be created either
locally or remotely. Forking can only happen on Github - taking an existing Github repository 
and making a copy of it.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
It cases where there are potentially conflicting changes it's nice to have the last known 
state of the remote stored locally so one could use log and diff to see what changes where
introduced.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would 
be harder?
Collaborating without Git, Github, or any other version control system would have to entail 
very strict planning (who is working on what when) and certain processes like following 
very specific naming conventions. Still merging together the work by different people would
be very difficult. It would be much easier to use a version control system like Git that 
automatically resolves many of the collaboration issues and also provides easier and more
transparent ways of merging code. 

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? 
What benefits does each approach have?
Making changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master is useful when one wants
to make changes that are experimental (for example introducing a new feature) but they also
want to keep their master branch in working state. More over, by using separate branches and
pull requests they can have their code reviewed before they merge it with the master branch 
of their project.